Crashbug x: Bug?
Crashbug?
Crashbug!
[Eerie laughter]
Mr. Kay: Time to go viral.
Crashbug.
Crash! Bug!
Crashbug!
Crash? Bug!
Buggy, buggy, buggy, buggy!
Crashbug! Crashbug!
[honking and yelling]
ROBOT: Re-Initializing...
trash identified.
Grandma: What a nice...
ahh... ahh... aah!
What is the meaning of this,
put me down at once!
Crashbug!
Crashbugabugabug!
YUMA: Didn't I tell you to
get lost already, astral?
Astral: You did, but I
do not understand what
you mean by that. How can
one consciously get lost?
If I go somewhere,
I will know where I am.
It's a figure of speech.
It means, "beat it,
leave, go away!"
I can't until you
gather the numbers.
What about you!?
what do I have to do with
anything, why do I have to
gather your dumb numbers?
Bronk: There goes yuma having
another argument with himself.
Tori: Maybe there really
is an invisible duelist
following him around.
I know you're not a dog,
it's just an expression!
Aww never mind,
forget this!
Or Maybe not...
maybe he just fell
on his head.
Observation number 2: When
asked to do something,
humans behave
erratically.
Stop using big words!
[Screaming]
that sounded like my sister.
What's going on, Kari?
Kari: My research, my
transcripts, my big scoop.
Some kind of bug just
wiped out my computer.
Okay, let's try to
stay calm.
My deadline is tomorrow.
Mount Kari's
about to blow.
We might wanna get
outta here.
Hey, yuma!
Go find me a new
scoop! Or else!
[♪...]
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
[horns Blaring]
How does Kari expect me
to find her a scoop?
And why hasn't traffic
moved in like, ten minutes?
Uh, nothing is moving.
Look at the monorail.
Something's going on.
Do you guys hear that?
Hey, check it out.
The vending machine's tossing
out juices all by itself!
Wait a second, yuma!
You can't take those,
you didn't pay for them!
Trash identified, trash
identified, trash identified.
Get me outta here!
Aww, what is that smell?
Female Announcer: Alyssa Briana
filed This report regarding the
sweeping power
outages and massive
I don't wanna hear about
anyone filing reports.
Thanks for the grub, grandma.
Why did my computer
Trash my report?
Speaking of trash, one of those
litter bots scooped me up today.
The same thing happened to me.
Wait, wait. What?
Downtown was crazy today.
Traffic lights were wonky,
the monorail got stuck,
vending machines were just
spitting out juices,
the radio said Everything's
back to normal now.
So wait, I'm not the only one
whose Computer got wiped out?
Guess not.
Something stinks.
-Eh?
[Sniffing themselves]
not you two!
I smell a good story brewing!
I've gotta replenish my
energy and get cracking!
Huh? Hey, that's mine!
Um... sis? Sis?
Hey!
Gotta go!
So This is how these humans
replenish their energy.
And you park your vehicles on
something called a driveway.
Yet you drive them on
something called a parkway...
would you stop
talking to me?
Just go away!
I only seek to better
understand your behavior.
I'm in a magical room right now.
If you bother me while I'm in
here, there's a chance I may
turn into a guinea pig!
Interesting...
observation number 3: After
replenishing their energy,
humans retire to a private
magical room, and if they are
bothered While inside
their magic room,
they will transform
into a rodent.
Stop observing!
One more thing.
You seem to be such a complex
and functional being. So then
why do you always malfunction
when it comes time to duel?
What is that
supposed to mean?
Your dueling is broken
and erroneous.
Go away!
Nobody's perfect,
don't you get that?
People are interesting
because they can fail!
I do not understand that.
Failure is not an option for me.
Ugh!
But you won't be able to
achieve anything if you're
afraid to fail. My dad says that
and my dad is awesome, so there.
And leave me alone,
you floating flashlight!
I cannot shake the thought that
i was sent to this world on an
important mission. Perhaps, in
order to fulfill that mission,
I was supposed to take
over yuma's body.
but something went wrong
and my essence was shattered
into 99 pieces,
99 number cards.
if I had the power to take
control of these humans, it
stands to reason that each card
containing a piece of me would
have that power as well.
the number 17 certainly Seemed
to be controlling
that boy they called shark.
but why was taking over yuma
part of my mission?
more importantly,
what went wrong?
What happened?
Where am I?
Crashbug!
[Eerie laughter]
VOICE: Yes...
Let the number take hold.
Crashbug!
Aah!
Looks like that astral
finally took the hint!
[Bell rings]
aw no, I'm late! Again!
Oh, made it!
So I know we were going to spend
today's class discussing the
quadratic equation and I know
you were all looking forward to
that, but unfortunately, due to
yesterday's system hiccup,
our systems are offline.
Extra credit for anyone who can
find the source of that and...
CASWELL: Um, excuse me
Mr. Kay, I can take this one.
You know I was being
sarcastic, right Caswell?
Okay. Pay attention, simpletons,
because some of this might go
over your heads! Yesterday's
incident was the result of a
virus planted in the city's
grid system by a Hacker. But,
in the end, by pinging
several remote...
Hey, since we can't talk
about mathy stuff,
let's have a duel tournament!
Well, that's not
on the curriculum.
But sure, why not?
Haha, alright Mr. Kay!
I am totally feelin' the flow!
[Students cheering]
that uppity upstart stole my
spotlight. That does it!
Yuma! I challenge you to
a duel, here and now!
Alright, get set to get decked.
Duel disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll.
Duel interface set.
Computer: Augmented reality
Vision Link established.
Let's do this.
Show him what
you're made of, yuma.
What are you made of, yuma?
I heard you beat shark
the other day.
Well, then you heard the truth.
I don't believe you.
Everyone knows shark is
the best duelist around.
Believe it Caswell,
'cause it's True.
We were right there.
We saw it happen.
Then according to the laws of
the transitive property...
transi-Whatty?
Beating you would mean
that in the end,
I am the best duelist in school.
I'm not sure I buy
that logic, Caswell.
Either way, that's
not gonna happen,
'cause I've got an awesome
number car eh?
Where'D my number card go?
I had it this morning!
What's the matter?
Are you feeling the
pressure already?
Wait a second, just hang on,
I'm not ready!
I summon crashbug x!
Crashbug!
Now zap his life points!
[Screams]
what happened?
That was embarrassing.
You can say that again.
Ha! I bested you in one move!
You never had a chance.
In the end, there was no way an
intellectually challenged
amateur like you could defeat
a brilliant strategist
such as myself.
What did you call me?
There's no need to
boast, Caswell.
Dueling is actually a
lot like life.
Sometimes things go
as we planned.
Other times, we make mistakes
and we get frustrated.
When that happens,
you just have to feed your
frustrations to crashbug.
You guys know the legend
behind crashbug, right?
Crashbug's this little
electrical spirit, and he likes
to zap what he calls bugs.
Bugs are those feelings
that get in our way.
Frustration, doubt... Give those
bugs to crashbug and you can
move past them and succeed.
That's ridiculous, Mr. Kay.
Crashbug doesn't actually exist.
Of course it exists.
I've seen it.
So what if you lost, yuma?
The trick is to not let the
frustration get to you.
Learn from your mistakes
and keep moving forward.
Keep challenging yourself.
You got it, Mr. Kay!
I'm gonna keep at it!
That's what feeling
the flow is all about.
[laughter]
isn't Mr. Kay the coolest?
Not only is he the awesom-Est
smartest math whiz I ever met,
but he's super nice, too!
I wanna be just like
him when I grow up.
Hey doofus, what's up?
What do you want, sis?
Hop in the car.
Let's go for a drive.
It's a good thing yesterday's
virus attack only spread to a
few remote servers.
Why? What woulda happened
if it had spread to more...
remote control...
serving thingies?
The entire city would've
been thrown into chaos.
Whoa, that sounds
really serious.
Forget about traffic
lights and litter bots.
Bank data would've vanished,
people would've lost their
money, hospitals would've
lost medical records,
and the ability to help people.
It would've been a disaster!
Wow, are you serious?
Who would do such
a terrible thing?
I have no idea, but I do know
that the virus was transmitted
from your school library.
What?
So here's what we're gonna do:
I'm gonna Chase
a few more leads.
Meanwhile, you two are
gonna stakeout the library.
A stakeout sounds so exciting.
Why did I get hungry
when you said that?
You're always hungry.
But don't let your
appetite distract you.
I wanna track this Hacker
down, and make him pay
for deleting my big scoop!
So what was your
sister's big scoop?
Ice cream.
-I'm serious.
-So am I.
She discovered that the local
ice cream parlor is a front
for a criminal organization.
Yuma, we're supposed to
keep our eyes open.
There's nothing to see.
It's almost time for
the library to close.
Maybe the sinister bad
guy took the day off.
Or maybe it's a Hacker holiday
or something, or like...hmm?
Yuma, shhh! Look!
-Isn't that...
-Caswell.
Yeah and he's acting
suspicious...
Hey, what are you doing?
That looks like... some
kinda flash drive.
[gasps]
I didn't mean to
launch anything!
Caught red-Handed!
Now tell us why you did it,
you criminal lowlife!
Unhand me. I'm not
behind this, I'm being used.
Don't try to lie!
I saw you upload
the virus and...
um...what are you doing?
I'm tracking the source
of the rootkit.
If I can pinpoint the location
this machine was just accessed
from, then we'll know where
the criminal is and.... unnnh!
This is not good!
Look, in the end, I found an
encrypted data packet that led
me to believe I could access a
file on this computer to learn
who the criminal is, but it
turns out the file was a
detonator for some sort of
computer virus and now it's...
Wait, I'm on to something!
There's our location!
Your friend triggered
a countdown?
We sent you the access stuff,
try to stop it!
We're on our way to the
bad guy's secret Lair.
But it could be dangerous!
Don't worry sis,
I'll be fine! I think.
That tower under construction.
The Hacker should be in there!
Maybe you were wrong about
this place, Caswell?
In the end, have I
ever been wrong?
You finally put the
pieces together!
It took you a lot longer
than I thought it would.
Mr. Kay?
What are you doing
hangin' out here?
Don't you get it?
In the end, Mr. Kay
is the criminal mastermind
behind the malicious virus!
That's one way of putting it.
But, but I was saying earlier
how awesome you are, Mr. Kay.
I think I even said I wanted to
be like you when I grow up.
Hmmph. Someone like you
could never be like me.
I have to say sir,
this is disappointing.
Well, I'm sorry to
disappoint you, Caswell.
Especially since I'm so proud of
you for following my clues.
I wanted you all to be here when
the virus went Well, viral.
Are you saying you
led us here on purpose?
[eerie laughter]
a number!
observation #4:
this world, like yuma,
is a complex machine.
but not as annoying.
it is complicated in
design. Like a puzzle.
what is that?
it feels like a number.
You cannot stop me.
I can't believe it.
That human bears the
mark of a number.
Aaah! I thought you went
back to saturn or something!
You were incorrect.
So then where have you been?
Where did you come
from just now? What are you?
Whatever you are,
don't pop out like that again...
Uhh... Why is he talking
to himself like that?
Oh right. Yuma's
invisible duelist friend
must have appeared
to help him out.
Nevermind, forget it.
I'm gonna ignore you.
What's going on, Mr. Kay?
Why are you doing this?
This is my personal
challenge to myself.
Like you, always trying
to "feel the flow."
That's not the same thing!
Feeling the flow isn't about
causing trouble
and hurting people!
Yuma, you must duel this man.
One of the numbers has
consumed his spirit.
The only way to reason with him,
is to break the number's hold.
I challenge you to a duel!
And if you lose, then you have
to stop the virus
from going off!
You want to duel me?
Well I am more than happy to
agree to your conditions, yuma!
But why do you you think
you can defeat me? Well?
Because now I'm
feeling the flow!
Let's do this!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Duel interface set.
Augmented reality
Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
-I know you can win, yuma!
-Yuma has to win!
Or else Everyone'll think I'm
some kinda criminal.
I believe the first
move is mine. I draw!
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode!
Aw great, a facedown...
now I don't even know
what I'm up against.
So then try to attack
me and find out.
I think I will.
I summon gagaga magician!
Wait, since I don't
know what that is,
maybe I shouldn't attack...
ah whatever, there's
no point in thinking!
Gagaga magician,
attack Mr. Kay!
Not a chance.
Crashbug x, show yourself.
Crashbug!
Oh man, I just got schooled.
How come yuma lost life points
if his monster is just fine?
If you attack a monster in
defense mode, the attacking
monster isn't destroyed,
even if the defending monster
has higher defense points.
Thus in the end, if you subtract
the attack points from the
defense points, yuma
takes 500 points of damage.
It's my turn now, I draw!
-First, I summon crashbug y!
-Crashbug!
And with that done, I activate
the crashbug road Spell card
from my hand! Now, we each
choose a level 4-Or-Below
monster on our fields.
Then, we each summon a monster
from our hands that has the same
level as the monster we chose.
-I choose crashbug z!
-Bug!
Okay. The only monster on my
field is gagaga magician.
So that means... sweet!
I can summon gogogo golem!
I would highly advise summoning
that golem in defense mode,
since it has an
ability that prevents
it from being
destroyed in battle.
If I wanted advice from
an annoying ghost,
I'd go to a
haunted house!
I summon gogogo
golem in attack mode!
How do ya' like that?
With 1800 attack points, this
golem won't be goin' down easy.
I'm afraid This is what we call
a teachable moment, yuma.
Huh?
You've set me up for
a perfect victory!
It's over, yuma.
I overlay crashbug x, y and z.
With these three monsters, I
build the overlay network!
here Comes the number.
Ah... an xyz summoning
with three monsters.
That's right!
Prepare to meet your defeat.
Here comes number 34!
Terror-Byte!
It appears to be some sort of
data chip capable of taking the
form of a member of the
rhinocerotidae family.
But what's the
significance of the number?
I dunno, it...oh...
ahhh... alright!
Both of my number cards are
suddenly back in my deck.
weird... is it because
astral came back?
I'm activating terror-
Byte's special ability!
Like a denominator absorbs a
numerator in a perfect
fractional ratio, by
using one overlay unit,
I can take control
of one of your monsters!
Your gogogo golem is mine!
Aw, not cool Mr. Kay!
And now, gogogo golem,
attack yuma!
No, gagaga!
Sweet, I've broken through
the viral program's firewall.
Now where's the
deactivation code?
So I've gotta make my way
through This dungeon Maze.
And the clock is still ticking.
You'll never defeat me, yuma.
Your dueling is too imperfect.
My dad used to say
that imperfection
is what makes us
awesome.
Perfection is everything.
I teach math because it is the
pursuit of absolute perfection.
The only reason your
father said that is
so you wouldn't feel bad
about being a failure.
Oh man, Mr. Kay is
really laying it out there.
Kinda stings.
Tell me where it stings.
It stings in my heart!
Observation NUMBER 5: Words
can hurt a human's heart.
I will remember that.
I can't let what
he's saying get to me.
I gotta try to
be strong.
Um... yuma?
You know how I'm always
saying "in the end?"
well it's interesting, because
the phrase "in the end"
is actually about
starting conditions.
Something that is so
"in the end", was that way
from the beginning.
It was inevitable,
-Sheesh...
-...and so it actually...
I'm kinda busy at
the moment, Caswell.
Why are you bringing
this up now?
Caswell is simply trying to
explain that in the end,
you're going to lose this duel
and I'm going to infect the
entire city's control system!
And that's been the case
since the very beginning!